Support resolving SPM dependencies using system SCM (#2638)
tuist/tuist: website/markdown/docs/usage/config.mdx

      description:
        'Enable code coverage for auto generated schemes.',
    },
    {
      case: '.templateMacros(IDETemplateMacros)',
      description:
        'Apply IDE Template macros to your project.',
    },
    {
      case: '.resolveDependenciesWithSystemScm',
      description:

>         'Resolve SPM dependencies using your system\'s SCM credentials, isntead of Xcode\s accounts.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'Resolve SPM dependencies using your system\'s SCM credentials, instead of Xcode\'s accounts.',
```
